# car-parking-managemnet-
parking management system Car Park Management System with Source Code is a PHP project that can book/unbook parking lot easier and faster transaction. This program was developed by the use of the following languages: PHP, HTML, MYSQLi and Javascript.  It is a web-based parking management system which provides a best parking booking system in real-time. The owner or admin can easily track the current status of parking spaces. This application provides multiple languages, SMS and email notifications, two types of booking with different types of pricing and internal messaging system. The client can easily find the nearest parking lot using google map. It will help to manage customer/client waiting list and allocation process in an organized way. Booking serial (A000001, A000002, A000003…) respectively assigned on each booking. There are three types of user account (Super Admin, Admin, and Operator).  The system is very easy to understand, user can register a new account and book a date for a parking space. The user has to enter a car model in order to process a booking, then fill up a parking details to start a reservation.  The admin can maintain all the daily transactions which show date and time, parking details and messages.  Installation: Extract the zip file inside the htdocs folder. Open phpMyAdmin and create a database called “cpms”. Import the file named “cpms.sql” inside the “db” folder. Open a browser and enter "http://localhost/Car%20Park%20Management%20System/" Login Information Admin  Phone no: 012345 Password:12345  The Source Code is ready to be downloaded, just kindly click download button below.  I hope that this system can help you to what you are looking for. For more updates and tutorials just kindly visit this site. Enjoy Coding!!
